All right. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining. We're gonna give it just a minute to make sure that the maximum number of people can join. In the meantime, please feel free to grab a cup of water, a cup of coffee. Stretch, feed your pets, do your thing. We're gonna start in hopefully one or two minutes max. Good morning, Lars. Indeed, long time no see. Hope to see you soon. Actually, while we wait, we can start with the main people, no? Yeah. I see that we have lots of people joining, lots of signups, which is not surprising, because we're talking about Chachabitty, most people's new best friend. Me and Alan, we've been using it since it was launched. And it really made our life so much easier. So that's why we decided to create this presentation, to share with you some of the prompts, tips, and tricks that made our work life easier. So hopefully, it will do the same for you. But since we're still waiting for more people to join, we would like to understand from you guys, how are you using Chachabitty at the moment to maximize your marketing efforts? So if you can go to menti.com, you can see the URL on the screen. Please just go to menti.com and enter the code you see on the screen, 88575373, and let us know how are you using Chachabitty at the moment. Are you using it for copywriting? Are you using it to write emails, messages, talking to, I don't know, a lead, a customer? I would like to see how are you using it and also get inspiration from you guys. Exactly. We always have a tab open whenever we're working. So that's how Chachabitty is now an essential part of our workdays. We'd love to see how you guys are also using it. Copywriting, we got our first answer. Yeah, of course. Copywriting is search content. Should I use it more? I mean, hopefully, today, you get some inspiration on how you can use it more. But using it efficiently is what we are going to try to focus on today, of course, how we can increase our productivity using it. So there's a lot of ways, of course, coding, content writing, research topics, inspiration. Inspiration is a big, big aspect of Chachabitty as well, for sure. It's also really fun to use sometimes. I know my brother uses it to get some bedtime stories for his son whenever it's bedtime for him. So that's also one way. It doesn't always have to be about marketing, but it's definitely fun as well. Rewriting texts, for sure. Blog outlines, research validation. All right. Awesome. Yeah. Copywriting is, I think, the main keyword here. Yeah. For me, I'm a very bad copywriter, so I don't write a Slack message anymore without going through Chachabitty. I'm very reliable on it. Yeah. Cool. Yeah. We'll give it, actually, 34 is... Yeah, we can start, I think, with the presentation. Thanks so much for giving us your input. Now we're going to kickstart the presentation. Yeah. Just to walk you through what you can expect from this presentation, guys, we're going to start the presentation by talking about the main benefits of Chachabitty from our experience using it, from our perspective. And then we have the main event, how can you use Chachabitty as a marketer? What kind of prompts can you use? And at the end, we're going to have a Q&A. So if you have any questions for us, there's a Q&A section in the bottom menu of Zoom. Please feel free to add your questions. And we're going to do our best to answer as many as we can by the end of this presentation. Now, what is Chachabitty? I'm not going to bore you with what it is. I think all of us, we know exactly what Chachabitty is. If you don't, just talk to it, ask it what it is. It's going to tell you that it's a language model trained by OpenAI. What we care about is not what it is, but the main benefits of Chachabitty. We've been using it since it was released. And for me, of course, it has different benefits, but the main keyword here is speed. The speed